---
title: Cloud Appliance for vSphere
date: 2015-03-04
week: 2015-03-02
blog: release-notes
---

## Overview

This version of the appliance addresses three specific issues:

1. **Volume attachments progressively getting slower when the number of volumes in the vSphere environment increases.** Due to a locking issue in the VMFS implementation on vSphere, the performance of the volume attach operation through RightScale was impacted when the overall number of volumes managed by RCA-V increased. While RightScale does not have much control over the timing of VMware's release for the VMFS issue, we have worked around the issue by placing each volume created/managed by RightScale under its own sub-folder. This circumvents the locking issue we have encountered on vSphere. This fix requires an upgrade to the vscale_1.2_20150303_16 package. See instructions below.
2. **Boot time performance improvement:**  Servers launched on vSphere will be polled more aggressively (instead of a 2 minute poll interval) so a "powered-on" VM gets detected quickly allowing the subsequent booting steps to start quicker than it normally would.  This enhancement will result in boot time reduction of up to 90 seconds.
3. **When sharing a VLAN across two datacenters, RCA-V only allowed a network to be configured for one of the datacenters.** This issue has been resolved such that the same network that is shared across two datacenters can now be configured under both datacenters using VM Networks->Add Network for each datacenter. In order to take advantage of this fix, you must upgrade to the vscale-admin_1.2_20150305_16 package. Upgrade instructions for the admin package are provided below.

## Upgrade Instructions

To upgrade the "vscale-admin" package, please follow the steps outlined below:

* Login to RCA-V Admin UI
* Click on RightScale Platform in the left column.
* Find the Admin Interface card and click on Upgrade button.
* Look for the package labeled "vscale-admin_1.2_20150305_16".
* Download and Activate that package.
* Refresh your browser window.

To upgrade the "vscale" package, please follow the steps outlined below:

* Login to RCA-V Admin UI
* Click on vCenter in the left column.
* Find the Cloud Appliance card and click on Upgrade button.
* Look for the package labeled "vscale_1.2_20150303_16".
* Download and Activate that package.
* Refresh your browser window.

**Note**: [Archived Release Notes are Available Here](http://support.rightscale.com/18-Release_Notes/RCA-V)
